# The-Gaming-Room
The Gaming Room have their game application called Draw It or Lose it, created for the Android platform. The game is comprised of a puzzle that is being drawn and the members in the game tryin to guess what it is (The puzzle). This may be a phrase, title or thing. Each team competes and has 30 seconds to guess what is being rendered by the system. If the current team playing does not guess within that time then the remaining teams has an opportunity to make one guess.
The client is is attempting to expand their game on other platforms namely, Linux, Mac and Windows and mobile platforms. Also, the client requests that I make and evaluation of certain characteristics, like strengths and weakness of each platform and overall our design proposal. All of the team's findings will be taken into consideration when The Gaming Room (the client) make their decision.

After a thorough research, I put together a succinct document that details my findings as to the following:
Design Constraints - This is a brief on the game constraints, limits and challenges that needs to be overcome going forward.
Domain Model - This explains the overall UML diagram in the document and the game design itself.
Evaluation - This is my teams complete review of the design teams proposals and the client's expectations. Also details advantages and disadvantages of different operating System platforms and a final recommendation after qualitative research.

I am proud of the fact that the client's satisfaction was paramount during research of this project. Timely research was done before ink touched paper. The design document created a blueprint that kept a standard in both design and research and made my job easier to accomplish developing the code.
If I could choose go back and do this project all over again, then I would research more on UML diagrams and its standardization. This I think would make my workflow easier when writing code and conveying ideas to our consultants. The fact that the client went through the trouble of putting together both their expectations and primary design template made it easier to do research and design for this project. Without this the project would have been both more difficult to design and create more constraints between what the client wants and us being efficient.
After careful research and consideration as to what the Gaming Room primarily needs from me, it was this clarity and foresight of both the client and myself which made this all possible. The UML diagram made things easier and the fact that I knew exactly where to start and where to end made writing code easier.
